Even if you have evidence, you say it's not in the whole city
I told you.
You mean if this soldier walks into human life
You're just protecting dozens of his lives
Even if there are hundreds or thousands of them, you will not drink them.
Hahahahahaha
You also have evidence.
How is it? Zhou Shao is my backer
It seems that the combination of these years
It's all the help of this Zhou family
I don't care what method you use
Fooled the night guard
But today in the whole normal I Zhou Yuan
Say it all
Stupid
Take them down for me
Yes, yes!
Don't you dare
My dad is a princess
Even if your father is my master
It won't save you
Let your whole family go to the coal mine to mine coal
Until I died of exhaustion in the mines
If you can survive